I've got new templates and a revised Slice and Dice that work flawlessly for what
we want to accomplish. However, it took most of the night to do it. I will be back
this morning, but probably not until like 11am.

The templates we're going to want to use are:
   (also in the order we'll need to apply them):

There's a new command as well as a couple of implementations you suggested
	that were quick and simple changes. The big thing is the addition of the 
	"preprocessor" which is where that new ~##~Include comes in. I'll explain
	this later, but essentially, it pulls all the templates together and
	processes them as a unit like good ol' C.

For a group of business server projects: 
	"Process Group Find/Replace - Clean up iGreentree Business Servers"

For an individual module (whatever's currently selected):
	"Process Group Find/Replace - Remove IObjectSafety from current module"
	"Process Group Find/Replace - Modernize ObjectControl in current module"

Also a new line numbering / on the fly code replacing template:
	"Line Numbers - Basic Process Entire Module"
		Which also does the error handler line simultaineously.

You might want to look through:
	"Line Numbers - Basic Common Line Modifications"

As this controls what other ops besides line numbering occurs during a replace.

With these templates, we should be able to breeze through the servers in 
a matter of only a couple of hours or less. 
	I went through several servers and many of the common files myself as
	you suggested. These are now checked in, so pull them down before
	starting anything.

If you want to start, the Explorer is open to a project (copy locally first)
      "Business Servers 3 of 3.vbg".

My copies of the project files have been altered to (temporarily) turn off
      binary compatibility with the CMP files as we're going to break them
      up one side and down the other with the new ADO 2.5 (at least that's
      what happened to me). The business servers don't need to maintain it 
      for now anyway. I can walk back through the files once we have everything
      transitioned, and restore the the CMP references in a few minutes.

Also, my project files already have the IObjectSafety reference (but not the code)
      removed for ease of loading and compiling. I recommend using these to 
      springboard your efforts.

Again, I'll be back soon. Mostly need a shower.